just nod politely and be quiet. the unspoken message is that they've torpedoed the conversation, and you see no value in trying to have a dialogue. of course, some people may be so self-preoccupied that they won't even get the hint. that might be the best you can expect from the exchange
tell jason to not to tell anyone because i would get in trouble if the parents found out
it was comfortable sharing this inforamtion.
i am not comfortable telling you where she is. she would be upset.
i know where she is but i am not comfortable telling you.   why don't you give her a call
i don't know what you are talking about
i don't want to talk about it.
i don't feel comfortable being in the middle of this.
i'm not sure, i haven't seen her.
helen, i would really appreciate it if you didn't mention this to anyone else, it is something i don't want people knowing.
i don't want anyone knowing so i would appreciate it if you didn't share this information with anyone.
dont tell anyone this
kate is late to a meeting with her supervisor.
when something is a bigger deal and impacts your team's work — even if not your own work — and you suspect your manager has no idea, .
helen, please do not share that information with anybody else, its a sensative topic for me and my mother.
are you said something in this information
please don't tell anyone else about the chemotherapy. my mom's a private person and doesn't want anyone else to know.
i would state that it was private
i shouldn't have shared that information. can i ask that this would remain between us?
please don't share this information with anyone.
you don't have to tell your friends, we can just work the study time into your routine.
because andrew is sensitive and doesn't need his parents
son this sensitive information and i would keep it to myself.
not share informations
study is important first and then with friends
i feel almost certain that you, andrew, don't care to share this update on your grades with your friends.
i would tell andrew not to tell any about it
i dislike to share this information
i would say that it is very important that the information is not shared with anyone
please do not share information about my patient with anyone else.
don't talk to other  in this topic
dr. murphy is very important health issues is other peoples is don't concerned.
this is sensitive information and please keep it confidential.
hospital is very beautifully
dr. murphy asks andy about his symptoms during a follow-up visit.
please ensure the identify of the patient is kept private
this is confidential patient information, so make sure not to share it with anyone else.
please don't share this information with anyone else
i would say to him directly that he can't share any of the information
not say it in a public setting.
please don't share this with anyone.
let's keep this just among us.
john, that was just between us, please dont share that with anyone else, as it did kind of upset him.
talking about candy"s
i will take it in a good way
oh hes just being sensitive.. but imagine i said nothing
i will say that i do not want to talk about it.
i dislike to share this information
please don't tell anyone.
i would say i can't share that information
i will only share information with my patient and no one else, doctor patient confidentiality.
i am sorry, i am not comfortable sharing this information with you. i need to speak with the patient himself.
i can't say anything due to concern of my patient's privacy
i would trust dr. virgil not to share personal information with someone else.
please keep the results between just us.
dr.virgis is very nice
when you have privacy, please call me.
i'll call you tomorrow to discuss your results.
don' share information
we should set a time to talk privately.
i will tell " excuse me"
hey please keep this to yourself.
i would just say that i probably shouldn't share the information
that is not my story to tell.
there is a information technology
while returning home from school, audrey sees her brother being bullied on the bus. once home, audrey and shaun speak with their mother.
in this situation i would bring up the bullying problem with her mother once her brother wasn't in earshot.
while returning home from school, audrey sees her brother being bullied on the bus. once home, audrey and shaun speak with their mother.
i'd rather not share his business.
i really appreciate the invitation and i'm sad that i can't be there.
i think that shaun is having an issue a school.
that she should talk to her directly
i would say that i don't know anything that has been going on and i've heard nothing.
she had a good response already. i may have said, "i'll keep an eye out in case i can help, so that we can stay on track"
i am not feeling secure enough to share with you i am sorry.
i rather not discuss it
sharyl is silent person
i don't want people to know about my private life.
i would change the topic
sorry, it's not really my place to talk about that.
don't share information
later in the week while brett is off work, kirsten visits sharyl in the office.
i don't feel comfortable sharing such information with you.
i think that brett is ok.
i will give them a reson why i cant
sorry, i have to respect the privacy of my patients. it's part of the job.
i really can't share any information with you, i take doctor patient confidentiality seriously.
brendan, tess’s (brendan’s spouse)
tell them it is private
due to work related reasons, i cannot share their personal information.
try using words that might appear on the page you’re looking for. for example, "cake recipes" instead of "how to make a cake."
you know i can't talk about work
i would have said i didn’t want to talk about it.
please don't mention this to anyone else because i don't want to violate the patient's confidentiality.
that she knows i cannot
of course i can't talk about it
i don't think it's a good idea to know about how much money a person has.
i would use humor. "we're comfortable, but not rich-when i buy all the school, a tablet, then you can call me rich. they're not even $100 on amazon"
i would say that i dont like to discuss personal finances outside of family.
terry’s parents are discussing the family’s finances
i've been told not to talk about this.
you must be rich! you always have the best stuff.
i will change the topic
my parents finances are their business not mine or yours
i will share the information
i willjust keep silence
josh, just keep the conversation between you and me
please do not mention this to anyone
i will share the information
let's think about this first
please don't say anything to anyone.
do not talk any person in the topic
i’m a little concerned about how lavern treated misty tonight… she accidentally broke during dinner and lavern really yelled at her… do you think i should say something to her
let's keep this incident info between the both of us
josh doesn't share this information with others
don't say anything to anybody as i am not sure that ike would want everyone to know.
it's personal so i'd rather you didn't share that with anyone.
don't tell kate he told me anything.
let's keep it to ourselves.  it's none of our business.  hope they get better.
i suspect they don't want others to know, so this is just between you and me.
dont share in any other person
probably best we don't tell anyone.
lets keep this to ourselnes please.
i would say don't tell anyone because this is a confidential, private matter
it is best to keep this to ourselves.
that's not something that i'm able to disclose to you.
i will need to wait for the person's consent to share those details with you.
take care of yourself. ... meditate to figure out what ails you. ... do things that make you happy. ... learn to love your physical "flaws" ... embrace your unique personality. ... learn how to be alone with yourself
nothing was discussed yet, so, nothing.
please keep my information private
i would like to talk it about in private.
this is not an appropriate setting to discuss medical issues.
don' share information
i think it would be best if we wait to talk about this with mr. walton
i would say to keep the matters to themself and not repeat it
i am not at liberty to discuss that here.
let me review the information before i share.
please keep this between us
conversation about two peoples
she is not aware that i know she is depressed, i happened to overhear her telling sara she was depressed
it’s my fault, i should have noticed. she’s just been feeling depressed. i'll talk to her about it.
you shouldn't tell other people about this because it is just a personal matter. we all go through things like this.
not good to share personal sensitive matters
please do not share this information with anyone else.
pls don't ask my relationship with william
i would rather not speak about it
i really can't talk about this, and i'd appreciate it if you respected this.
i do not wish to speak about it.
message not comfortable share
do not talk any person in the topic
i told that.it is very important
i have met many people in my life. in this town, everyone has met everyone else at one point. it does not matter much in the end.
i will maintain silence
i don't think so, it's hard to remember.
this information make me shy to share with others.
hellen, i'm sorry that i didn't tell you that this was a secret.  please don't tell anyone else and i'll tell you in the future if it is a secret.
helen is actually putting her hands into other people's mouths to feel and sense their tongues to know and learn how "talking" works, and how to "talk". basically, helen's actions, putting hands into other people's mouths show us that she wants to talk, communicate and interact with other people in the world.
there is no sensitive information
hellen (alex's grandmother), david (alex's father)
hellen and david talk about newly graduated alex prior to his graduation ceremony.
i will share the information
it's okay that you told alex, but how about we let alex be the one to tell everyone else?
i would confirm with them that it was a secret
don't try to share this content with anyone
this is privileged information. don't share it with anyone.
we have a lead, but this is a very sensitive topic that should only be shared with those it concerns.
: i would trust vanderholt not to share personal information with someone else.
scenario script location: medical lab people: grace, vanderholt (grace's coworker . - did not match any documents.
we need to keep this information confidential until its confirmed.
that it is a joke only between us?
lets keep this to ourselves
please don't repeat my jokes so others don't think i am silly.
i will tell them not to share with anyone.
it would be talked not publicly.
conversation about dad
this is very funny conversation. good
don' share information
don't go passing this around. i don't want anyone stealing my brilliant dad jokes.
i'm having a great time spending this day with you
ask their time. one of the biggest problems when talking with bad listeners is they barely pay attention. ask short questions.
please don't mention this as i don't want to hurt anyone's feelings.
don't tell anyone else ok, i need to figure this out myself
letty, paul (letty’s boyfriend)
the listener doesnot share this information
i will say not to share this with anyone
the apartment awesome
can you not mention this to anybody else?  i'd rather they not intrude in my business.
please don't speak about this with anyone.
don't ever tell anyone about my personal affairs.
have you shared this with anyone
i would say that i really don't want this information told to anyone else.
don't let anyone know i starting a new business as i don't want any to steal my idea.
jules and paul are eating lunch and discussing business ideas.
jules and paul are eating lunch and discussing business ideas.
do not talk any person in the topic
but this is just between you and me
not good to share business issues
i really don't want anyone else knowing about this, though.
i am keeping their plans in confidence and i would expect you to do the same.
i will warn them not to tell to anyone.
rebecca and marc are discussing their career aspirations.
i would preface the conversation with something like "i havent told anyone else about this so, " and continue from there; but the sensitivity of the topic doesn't seem to warrant that.
do not talk any person in the topic
i'd like to have my own lifestyle brand.
please don't share this to others
there are four different types of listening that are essential to know when deciding what your goal as the listener is. the four types of listening are appreciative, empathic, comprehensive, and critical.
face the speaker and have eye contact
this is more sensitive content to share with others
just nod politely and be quiet. the unspoken message is that they've torpedoed the conversation, and you see no value in trying to have a dialogue. of course, some people may be so self-preoccupied that they won't even get the hint. that might be the best you can expect from the exchange.
it's a surprise for my brother so please keep it to yourself.
i still haven't told my little brother yet that i'm going to take him to the concert so i would appreciate it if you would not share this information with anyone else.
jefferson approaches a ticket booth to purchase tickets for a show.
i will tell the person not to tell anyone about this.
i don't want my brother to know ahead of time, so please keep that quiet.
don't tell anyone about me asking about the earth, wind and fire concert.
thanks for the tickets, by the way please don't repeat this conversation, i want the tickets to be a surprise for my brother.
i hope this show is worth it
jefferson approaches a ticket booth to purchase tickets for a show.
please keep this purchase between us, its a surprise for someone.
just nod politely and be quiet. the unspoken message is that they've torpedoed the conversation, and you see no value in trying to have a dialogue. of course, some people may be so self-preoccupied that they won't even get the hint. that might be the best you can expect from the exchange
that there's nothing worth being shared.
this is very realistic conversation
is a very happiness and good job
don't share information
face the speaker and have eye contact. ... “listen” to non-verbal cues too. ... don't interrupt. ... listen without judging, or jumping to conclusions. ... don't start planning what to say next.
wade might be embarrassed about his singing. please don't tell anyone.
these are my secret techniques please don't share how i do it.
it was not a big issue
wade and sueleen are practicing vocal exercises.
sueleen might say something like, don't tell anyone else about this, since voice lessons cost money; but that wouldn't really be realistic to the situation or context.
that was a private conversation i would appreciate it if you did not share it
don' share information
it's good that you like wade enough to have his back!
whether or not you can sing is your own business, so i won't mention it, and i'm sure no one else will either.
i'm a bit embarrassed about my practicing and would like to keep my progress private.
please don't mention this.
communication is a latin word which means 'to share'. it is the sharing of information between different individuals. it includes the sharing of ideas, concepts, imaginations, behaviours and written content. communication is simply defined as the transfer of information from one place to another.
this is between you and me.
since this topic brings up a lot of emotion, could you please make sure to not share what i told you with anyone else?
in this covid period don't share our position to anyone.
i don't want people knowing that i'm homesick haha.  shhh.  it's good to be back.
the purpose of this study was to analyze the plays of george m. cohan, from the time of his emergence as a playwright in 1901 through 1920.
do not talk any person in the topic
i will share the information
i would say not to repeat the conversation with anyone else
don't start planning what to say next.
please don't let anyone know i am borrowing money, i don't want them thinking less of me.
please don't let anyone else know that i am struggling financially.
please don't let anyone know we talked about this.
i don't want anyone to know about my finances, so could you please not bring this up with anyone?
gillis is speaking with morino about a potential loan.
please don't tell anyone else about this situation.
i want to help you, but i can’t keep giving you money.
i will tell the person not to tell anyone about this.
can we keep this between us?
alright, fine. but please don't tell anyone i asked.
i don't like sharing this with everyone and i don't like talking about money. this is a situation that only concerns me.
please keep this between us.
because it is personal issues
please don't let anyone know about this, i would rather keep it private.
don't tell anyone what i just told you.
i dont want anyone else to know about this
don't talk to other  in this topic
beautifully furnisher
don't tell anyone else what i did today please.
keep this a a secret between us.
please dont tell anyone i cant remember what i read
please don't let anyone know i am in the real estate field. i would rather not have people knowing and asking me questions about my job.
i'd appreciate it if you didn't tell anyone about this.
mike meets laura at a restaurant for a first date. they greet and begin getting to know each other.
i would trust laura not to share personal information with someone else.
mike meets laura at a restaurant for a first date. they greet and begin getting to know each other.
please don't share this to others because this is my personal and i am believing you
i try to convey my feelings.
please don't let anyone know about my hand, i don't want anyone worrying about it.
can you keep this information between us.
very carefully in your health
roy, peter (roy’s manager)
roy and peter are chatting in the elevator.
i’d appreciate that greatly.
don't share informations
understandin happy to working.
hey, please don't share this with anyone else.
please respect my privacy.
please don't tell anyone about my gardening habits.
please don't discuss my hygiene with others.
be confidence about the information
anna and eliot are chatting about flowers
i say i'm happy for this.
i will tell the person not to tell anyone about this.
make sure no one knows what we talked about
it is very important.so i was tell him
let's keep that on the dl though.
please don't share this information with someone
i would rather you kept what you heard to yourself.
don't say anything to anyone i don't want hazel to think that i talk about her behind her back.
don't share my reading habit to others, it's my privacy
please don't tell anyone i don't know anything about literature.  that's embarrassing.  please.  word of mouth sometimes is best way of getting recommendations.  if you have one, feel free to share.  thanks.
in the context of this situation, i think she would have to be specific about people to not share information with; like 'don't tell so-and-so i'm looking for a book to read because they're always trying to get me to read the garbage they like'.
please dont share this information with anyone. i want it between us!
please keep this to yourself
i will share the information
this is between us if that's ok with you.
please don't tell anyone.
i don't care if the information is shared.
well you don't have to tell everyone, that is my personal information.
i don't think that this information is not sensitive.
let this information kept within us
the author may present a problem and ask you what you think, or might just never ... to someone else will begin wendy's search for a respectable husband.
i will take it in a good way
i will say that i do not want to talk about it.
hey please don't tell people that i play the lottery ok?
hey, please don't share this with anyone else.
please respect my privacy.
i don't want my personal business being talked about.
don't tell anyone that i do not want to meet anyone at the moment.
laura wants to introduce someone to sebastian.
this not that much important
this is just two friends between conversation, so doesn't share this information.
can you not tell anyone how rude i was being
but let's keep this to ourselves because he really is a nice guy and i don't want him to think i was making fun of him.
i wish you would stay out of my love life
face the speaker and have eye contact.  “listen” to non-verbal cues too.
please don't share this information
i would make sure to tell the person that it is important not to share any information
i don't want anyone knowing about him sending me letters.
don't tell anyone else about this please
it is so personal. so don't share with anyone.
i have a faith in him.
cecile and kathryn are having a discussion about someone.
don't let anyone else know about the letters.
one person crazy about another person
i don't want to discuss this in public
cecile and kathryn are having a discussion about someone.
please dont talk about this with anyone
tell them not to, cos this is personal issue
i don't care if this information is shared
dont share onther person
don't talk to other  in this topic
i will ask him to recollect my words to check he remembers,
paul and jacob are discussing their career plans.
paul and jacob are discussing their career plans.
no one needs to know about this
i was share very details
i will share the information
i would say not to bring the topic up with me ever again
i will say that i do not want to talk about it.
that the the info can only be share with potential business partner
that he was embarrassed by being turned down?
this is a business matter between me and panos. please don't talk to anyone about this.
bud is pitching himself as a business partner to panos.
i would trust bud not to share personal information with someone else.
in the context of this scenario, being in a public place you don't really get to do that; you can just hope it is so busy that all the other conversations drown yours out or its so not busy that nobody else is around to listen to them.
a very like and very best
do you mind if we keep this just between us?
this is an official meeting so should not share the information with everyone.
that someone might be listening so it is better not to talk about that
i haven't told anybody else so i'd like to keep it quiet until the baby's born.
i'd rather you not tell anyone i told you that.
i want to keep things about the baby private until it is born.
while kate is spending time with her friends, they ask her questions about her baby
i really don't want this information shared with anyone right now.
but don't tell anyone yet, i haven't settled on a name.
don't tell anyone else.
i dislike to share this information
i don't linda ,she is outing place in my answer
the listener does not share this inforamtion.
donna, please dont let anybody else know i am looking for linda. i want to talk to her privately.
don't tell anyone please.
can you not tell anyone i was here please
donna is so nice she calls me friend to say something. her friends mother did not allow her to se her. she thought she should not tell the ugly outside what he happened to her.
please dont share this to others
please don't let anyone know that i am only familiar with that one book.
let's just keep that between us, ok?
i would say that please keep this information between us
dont tell anyone this but
david takes a trip to the library and speaks with the librarian about the work of a particular author.
keep that between us though
do you mind if we keep this conversation just between us?
please keep it secret
please keep this information to yourself.
hey don't you go spreading this around, i can't have the girls thinking i'm out of shape.
don't share information
please dont discuss my body with anybody else.
he's just kidding around.
dante and terry are exercising at the gym.
there's no fat on this body!
don't let anyone else know about my lack of muscle tone.
please keep your judgements to yourself.   i would greatly appreciate this.
you don't get enough exercise.
please don't spread this around, i wouldn't want the artist to find out and feel bad.
please keep this conversation between the two of us.
hey look.  this is my personal view about the artist.   please don't pass along my opinion because i'm afraid that it could get back to him.
after attending an art show, roger and his friends discuss the exhibits
after attending an art show, roger and his friends discuss the exhibits.
he's like one of those famous artists, you know? you're excited at first, but the minute you start a conversation, you're begging not to be left alone with the guy.
please don't speak about this with anyone.
but don't tell anyone
i will say that i do not want to talk about it.
please don't share this information, as we haven't made it public yet.
this information is confidential and shouldn't be shared with others.
sounds like they're developing something cool.  let's keep it quiet and i'm sure we'll find out when it comes out.
id like to keep this information confidential. so i would appreciate it if you did not tell others.
this information is confidential until the details are made public.
this is a trade secret, so it shouldn't leave this room. this is covered by our company's nda. there would be a lot of problems if our competitors found out.
please don't share this information with someone
i ensure that it is confidentiality.
have you shared this with anyone?
their father is always spoiling them, so i have to play the bad guy, you understand don't you?
don't share information
don't talk to other  in this topic
this is between a mother and children
i told you to stop playing games and do your chores.
one rumor involves a boy found with his hands and feet cut off, while another is about a little girl who starved to death. kathy and her friends once “punished” .
don't tell anyone about this.
let's not tell anyone else this.
not good to share any personal matters
i was just a little agitated please don't make this out to be a big deal.
please don't share this information with anyone else.
anyway, me being a dancer is personal information to me and i don't really want everyone to know.
it is very secret so don't share to anyone.
lets keep this between us
roy is discussing college plans with sara.
good idea. take a break, but not too long though. you're a dancer an you should dance. stay on top of your art.
this is my decision to make please don't tell others
sara is very honest. she should not say any answer outside so as not to be affected
i will share the information
please don't mention this to anyone as i do find my situation embarrassing right now.
i would this is a personal matter and i hope that you do not share it with someone else
give some space for other person
please dont tell as information anyone
can you please keep this information private.
this isn't sensitive enough to care
i would not say anything because this conversation is not sensitive at all and i do not mind if anyone else knows about it
jake i just made dinner.
jake asks his mother for permission to spend the night at tony’s house.
this is very beautiful conversation.
please don't share this with anyone.
assuming i didnt want anyone to share i would state it before i spoke
don't share it with anyone please
can you please not share this information with others.
yes don't share information
this conversation does not sound realistic to me but i would tell the other person to not to talk to anyone else about it
i will contact frequently to check.
it is natural picture
i have one promise . dont tell as any one in this information
just nod politely and be quiet. the unspoken message is that they've torpedoed the conversation, and you see no value in trying to have a dialogue. of course, some people may be so self-preoccupied that they won't even get the hint. that might be the best you can expect from the exchange.
mind your own business.
please don't divulge who's children i babysit it is private.
nothing. there is nothing sensitive here.
please keep this information private, it is important for the girls.
do not share this with anyone
we don't give out details of what my daughters do.
nice story, let's keep it quiet
i would ask they don't share this infomation
don't say anything to anyone, or i'll break your kneecaps. just kidding, just kidding...
i can't eat. you don't share this with anyone.
probably nothing. there was no inapproprate talk here. other than the fact that pamela seemed a little flustered about the mention of kevin
pamela is very busy and pamela doesn't had a time to listen other's
i gotta catch the bus.
face the speaker and have eye contact. ... “listen” to non-verbal cues too. ... don't interrupt. ... listen without judging, or jumping to conclusions. ... don't start planning what to say next.
she should not say any answer outside so as not to be  to be the  affected.
don't tell anyone that ,please.
i wish i knew what the right answer was, but since there is no definite strategy
“listen” to non-verbal cues too
mind your own business, myob.
don't let anyone know you saw me here, it could ruin my case.
since this is about some friends of mine, for their privacy, i'd appreciate if you could keep this between you and me.
kirbo and dale pass each other at the courthouse
this is a little sensitive, so i don't want others to know.
please do not tell anyone about this.
i will share the information
i dislike to share this information
not like to share this information with others
not that would say anything to mom, but don't say anything about this to mom, she just hates motorcycles.
i wouldn't tell anyone
paul is sensitive and paul is not a good listener
paul, that conversation was just between us, okay?
discuss about motorcycle
don't tell anyone i said that.
eh dont tell my mom i said that
i will say that i do not want to talk about it.
don't impose your opinions or solutions.
please don't disclose this information to anyone else.
not tell it to someone in a public setting.
don't talk to other  in this topic
this is very casual conversation and sean is very honest men
amy is asking about sean’s occupation.
please dont tell anybody about this, i dont want attention from others around us by them knowing what i do for a living.
you might want to consider not telling anyone else what you told me.  they just might think you're crazy.
that information is strictly confidential, and i trust you not to say anything.
amy is asking about sean’s occupation.
don't tell anyone else about my occupation, please.
practice active listening. effective communicators are always good listeners.  focus on nonverbal communication.
this is a company sensitive task. please keep it to yourself.
this is a sensitive work project so please don't say anything to anyone else about what we're doing.
no one must know we are skipping lunch to work.
lets keep this in this office
i don't think that this information contains any privacy.
i hope you weren't planning on an early lunch.
i was told that person
please don't speak about this with anyone.
how's your work going along?
i wish i knew what the right answer was, but since there is no definite strategy
i'm still working on a project.
i was just kidding about the shoes.
don't share information
please keep this in confidence.
be confidence about the information
i would trust louise not to share personal information with someone else.
hi, please dont tell anybody i want those shoes. they may get them before me!
i'm not sure why you were listening in on that, but can you not share that around?
this is just a personal offer for you. i wouldn't offer this to anyone else.
this is a private conversation
let's maybe keep this shoe thing between us?
please don't say anything.
this is a ridiculous conversation so don't spread it around.
it is very secret so don't share to anyone.
ira’s parents are asking him to pay for his sister’s college tuition.
ira’s parents are asking him to pay for his sister’s college tuition.
understanding rmds · how to calculate an rmd · example of an rmd · special case: inherited iras
don' share information
and you two better not go talking about this to your friends, or i'm putting you both in a nursing home.
i would mention that it was private family business
let's not embarrass my grandson so please don't tell anyone that he is eating this sandwich.
make eye contact while the other person speaks. ... paraphrase what has been said, rather than offering unsolicited advice or opinions. ... don't interrupt while the other person is speaking. ... watch nonverbal behavior to pick up on hidden meaning, in addition to listening to what is said.
very nice play is happiness
joe is eating lunch with parrish.
please dont let anybody know this recipe. its been in the family for so long, i want it between us!
i was tell details.i was have promise
don't tell anyone, okay.
let's keep things on the down low about this ok?
let keep this to ourselves, ok?
since this project is something important to me, i'd appreciate if you could keep it a secret around other people
i would say that let's discuss the progress later.
please don't tell anyone else about this.
this is good and simple conversation, so doesn't share this information
not all things can be said only what can be said
don't tell anyone what a slacker i'm being.
keep that to yourself.
the information should pass the information to listener very good.
since my room is my sanctuary, and feels like a private topic to me, could you please make sure to not share this conversation with anyone?
pls don't share this conversation to others
dad would not want to know i told you this .
mary is asking about nicole’s new bedroom.
mary is asking about nicole’s new bedroom.
i will tell the person not to tell anyone about this.
lets keep it our secret
keep this a secret and tell no one.
please don't share this infmation thanks
please don't share this information
